we're now going to start the drafting
portion of this tutorial series so now
we'll show you how to make the
engineering drawings and lay out your
your parts in different views
dimensioned etc so you can it could
present them in an engineering drawing
format but before we begin one thing I
should mention is that in the model tree
here all these operations that we do we
can name them
so there ought to be extrusion one
extrusion to fill it one like I've been
doing before for complex pieces you may
want to have named operations it's just
good practice because then you can look
down if you want to modify let's say you
want to modify the this you don't have
to figure out okay which operation is
that you can just sort say oh top knobs
that's what that is so we can modify it
for multiple process pieces you might
want to might want to go through a name
them to name them you just same as in
Windows if you want to rename a folder
or files I mean you click it once then
click it again then it gives you a
allows you to rename it anyways so let's
go on to drafting so we're going to
create a new drawing so new this is
where we made our parts in but I already
like go to DWG to make our papers that's
sort of our paper space so if we hit OK
it's going to open up page like this now
this is our paper space so this sheet
sheet one we can edit it so if we right
click edit sheet we can pick the size so
if we don't want to see if we wanted a
you can make custom size you want to
enter the height in the width let's
let's keep it as see you can enter the
sheet name which we'll just rename it
here enter a revision number and then we
can also change orientation so we can
say portrait landscape we can choose the
location of the title block exclude from
counts so if you add a numbered set you
could exclude it from the sheet one of
one down there you can also exclude it
from printing so now we've got our
default border and a NSI large to the
block we wanted to change these we've
got drawing resources up here you may
have to open this expand it up so we've
got sheet formats
standard sheet form attitude I want to
use we've got standard borders title
blocks symbols AutoCAD and just standard
AutoCAD blocks so we want to get rid of
this title block we don't like this one
so you can delete it and then we can add
a si8 by double-clicking it so it's a
different type of block but if you want
to make a custom title block which you
probably will we can go over to manage
and then in define we could define a
title block so let's make a title block
it's going to be a rectangle then it
will be filled with some lines
presumably you can spend a lot of time
making a title block but I'll just show
you the process real quick it's all
crooked line oh well every well crooked
lines even better anyways you might want
another rectangle in here for some
reason who knows whatever you want so
finished sketch then we're going to
define it with a name so now you see it
here in title block so if we want to get
rid of NSIA delete and then add artists
our crappy title block is down there now
you could you could fill it up with text
I forgot to straight text so we right
click we want to edit it now go to edit
it's going to open it up again in the
sketch sketch mode so we can add text
like we can say we could put a name here
like we could say name colon or
something and then we have a field for
name right just basically the same way
we were we were doing sketches in the
model space so here's text you could
just add really anything you want
customize your title block completely so
don't save it
let's get rid of that we'll go back to a
NSIA oops so delete it from our sheet
not from the database and then we'll add
a NSI a back by double clicking it now
the border I don't like the border
either default border Oh default borders
are only really ordered we have it's a
nice border but let's make a new one so
once again manage border
there's our border let's make it let's
sort of make it noticeably different so
I'll offset it and now we get a border
so let's delete our border add this
border and there you go you see on
realistically we make a border a C size
border but this is just just to show you
and if we get rid of our title block and
put our own title block there we've got
we got a full set up here customize
title block and border obviously they're
junk but you take some time making a
good one I'm just gonna delete those
because I don't want those there ever
again all right well we're going to want
NSIA and border now we can also edit the
definition of this title block and the
definition of this border so if we just
right-click on the title block say edit
definition now we can completely modify
this we want to get rid of some some
fields here let's say we don't want the
sheet number field we could just delete
that or we could we completely change
everything in here and then finish our
sketch save it yes and then it will
update updating here so if you don't
want all these fields you can just sort
of modify it instead of creating your
own which would take some more time all
right so that's that's all covered for
borders and title blocks next we'll go
we'll place our views and start
dimensioning them and stuff so stay
tuned